README.md, before:

# 🤖 Hello, I'm Lee Chang-bae (맨손의 마술사)

Building the future of home robotics with a focus on **stability, accessibility, and open-source collaboration.**

---

## 🍎 Current Focus: Apple Peeling Robot Arm
I am currently developing a specialized robotic arm designed to assist with daily tasks, specifically for home use and helping the disabled.

### 🎥 Live Demo
![Robot Arm Movement](./doc/final_optimized.gif)
> *Current status: Testing joint stability and torque using RDS3225 servos.*

### 🛠 Technical Specifications
* **MCU:** ESP32-P4 (High-performance RISC-V) [cite: 2026-01-24, 2026-01-29]
* **Language:** Pure **Rust** (esp-hal) for memory safety and rock-solid stability [cite: 2026-02-02, 2026-02-09]
* **Actuators:** 2x RDS3225 High Torque Servos [cite: 2026-02-23]
* **Core Philosophy:** **Stability over Speed.** A robot that anyone can trust. [cite: 2026-02-13]

---

## 🤝 Philosophy & Vision
* **Peace & Prosperity:** I believe in peaceful coexistence between humans and AI/Robotics. [cite: 2026-01-20]
* **Accessibility:** Technology should never leave anyone behind, especially those with disabilities. [cite: 2026-02-06]
* **Anti-Monopoly:** I prefer a win-win market over dominance by a single corporation. [cite: 2026-02-06]

---

## 📬 Connect with Me
* **Goal:** Connecting ESP32-P4 to the Internet for seamless interaction with Gemini & Grok. [cite: 2026-02-22]
* **LinkedIn:** *Coming Soon (Refining my global profile!)* [cite: 2026-02-26]

---
*"The magic isn't in the hands, but in the code that moves them."*

<details>
<summary><b>🇰🇷 한국어 설명 보기 (Click to expand)</b></summary>

# 🚀 Chang-bae Lee
### "로봇의 정밀함으로 비효율을 깨고, 모두가 윈윈하는 세상을 만듭니다."

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=E43716" />
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42816656?s=48&v=4" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ESP32--P4-E7352C?style=for-the-badge&logo=espressif&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Robotics-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Peace-FFD700?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-keep&logoColor=black" />
</p>

---

## 🦾 About Me
안녕하세요! 저는 인간과 로봇이 평화롭게 공존하는 미래를 설계하는 **맨손의마술사**입니다.  
기술의 혜택이 특정 기업에 집중되지 않고, **장애인을 포함한 모든 사람**에게 전달되는 '윈윈(Win-Win)' 시스템을 지향합니다.

* 🛠️ **현재 집중하고 있는 분야:** * Rust를 이용한 고성능 임베디드 로봇 제어 (ESP32-P4)
  * 가정용 사과 깎기 로봇 및 산업용 도장 로봇 자동화 궤적 설계
* 🎯 **목표:** 관료 조직의 비효율을 기술적 정밀함으로 해결하고 사회적 가치 창출
* 🤝 **협업 지향:** 오픈 소스와 AI(Gemini, Grok)를 활용한 지속 가능한 기술 개발

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack
| Category | Technologies |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Language** | `Rust` (Safety & Stability First) |
| **Hardware** | `ESP32-P4`, `ESP32-C6`, `PCA9685`, `RDS3225` |
| **Robotics** | `Inverse Kinematics`, `Sine Interpolation`, `PWM Control` |
| **AI Partners** | `Gemini 3 Flash`, `Grok` |

---

## 📈 Ongoing Projects
### 🍎 [Apple Peeler Robot]
* **Goal**: Implementing a precision robotic arm for smooth, consistent apple peeling.
* **Status**: 
  * ✅ Completed stability tests for 2-axis simultaneous control (7.4V power).
  * ✅ Successfully calculated joint angles ($1.77^{\circ}, 113.18^{\circ}$) for coordinate $(19.0, 7.76)$.
* **Tech**: Soft acceleration/deceleration control using **Sine Interpolation**. [cite: 2026-02-23]


### 📐 Mathematical Foundation
The joint angles are calculated using the Law of Cosines:
$$\cos \theta_2 = \frac{x^2 + y^2 - L_1^2 - L_2^2}{2 L_1 L_2}$$
$$\theta_1 = \operatorname{atan2}(y, x) - \operatorname{atan2}(L_2 \sin \theta_2, L_1 + L_2 \cos \theta_2)$$

![Alt text](doc/armresult.png)



### 🎨 [Industrial Painting Solution]
- **Goal:** 균일한 도막 형성을 위한 로봇 궤적 수학 모델링
- **Status:** 역기구학(Inverse Kinematics) 기반 직선 운동 알고리즘 설계 중

---

## 📫 Connect with Me
- **GitHub Repository:** [esp32-robot](https://github.com/cb2024ok/esp32-robot)
- **Philosophy:** Stability over Speed. Humanity over Monopoly.
- **Contact:** ar88plus@gmail.com


---
> "기술은 소외된 이들을 돕기 위한 도구여야 합니다." - Lee Chang-bae

</details>

Commit message:

Two RDS3225 servos with sine-interpolated smooth motion on ESP32-P4 + PCA9685.

README.md, after:

# 🤖 Hello, I'm Lee Chang-bae (맨손의 마술사)

Building the future of home robotics with a focus on **stability, accessibility, and open-source collaboration.**

---

## 🍎 Current Focus: Apple Peeling Robot Arm
I am currently developing a specialized robotic arm designed to assist with daily tasks, specifically for home use and helping the disabled.

### 🎥 Live Demo
![Robot Arm Movement](./doc/final_optimized.gif)
> *Current status: Two RDS3225 servos with sine-interpolated smooth motion on ESP32-P4 + PCA9685. Stability test passed! 🍎.*

### 🛠 Technical Specifications
* **MCU:** ESP32-P4 (High-performance RISC-V) [cite: 2026-01-24, 2026-01-29]
* **Language:** Pure **Rust** (esp-hal) for memory safety and rock-solid stability [cite: 2026-02-02, 2026-02-09]
* **Actuators:** 2x RDS3225 High Torque Servos [cite: 2026-02-23]
* **Core Philosophy:** **Stability over Speed.** A robot that anyone can trust. [cite: 2026-02-13]

---

## 🤝 Philosophy & Vision
* **Peace & Prosperity:** I believe in peaceful coexistence between humans and AI/Robotics. [cite: 2026-01-20]
* **Accessibility:** Technology should never leave anyone behind, especially those with disabilities. [cite: 2026-02-06]
* **Anti-Monopoly:** I prefer a win-win market over dominance by a single corporation. [cite: 2026-02-06]

---

## 📬 Connect with Me
* **Goal:** Connecting ESP32-P4 to the Internet for seamless interaction with Gemini & Grok. [cite: 2026-02-22]
* **LinkedIn:** *Coming Soon (Refining my global profile!)* [cite: 2026-02-26]

---
*"The magic isn't in the hands, but in the code that moves them."*

<details>
<summary><b>🇰🇷 한국어 설명 보기 (Click to expand)</b></summary>

# 🚀 Chang-bae Lee
### "로봇의 정밀함으로 비효율을 깨고, 모두가 윈윈하는 세상을 만듭니다."

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=E43716" />
  <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42816656?s=48&v=4" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ESP32--P4-E7352C?style=for-the-badge&logo=espressif&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Robotics-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Peace-FFD700?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-keep&logoColor=black" />
</p>

---

## 🦾 About Me
안녕하세요! 저는 인간과 로봇이 평화롭게 공존하는 미래를 설계하는 **맨손의마술사**입니다.  
기술의 혜택이 특정 기업에 집중되지 않고, **장애인을 포함한 모든 사람**에게 전달되는 '윈윈(Win-Win)' 시스템을 지향합니다.

* 🛠️ **현재 집중하고 있는 분야:** * Rust를 이용한 고성능 임베디드 로봇 제어 (ESP32-P4)
  * 가정용 사과 깎기 로봇 및 산업용 도장 로봇 자동화 궤적 설계
* 🎯 **목표:** 관료 조직의 비효율을 기술적 정밀함으로 해결하고 사회적 가치 창출
* 🤝 **협업 지향:** 오픈 소스와 AI(Gemini, Grok)를 활용한 지속 가능한 기술 개발

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack
| Category | Technologies |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Language** | `Rust` (Safety & Stability First) |
| **Hardware** | `ESP32-P4`, `ESP32-C6`, `PCA9685`, `RDS3225` |
| **Robotics** | `Inverse Kinematics`, `Sine Interpolation`, `PWM Control` |
| **AI Partners** | `Gemini 3 Flash`, `Grok` |

---

## 📈 Ongoing Projects
### 🍎 [Apple Peeler Robot]
* **Goal**: Implementing a precision robotic arm for smooth, consistent apple peeling.
* **Status**: 
  * ✅ Completed stability tests for 2-axis simultaneous control (7.4V power).
  * ✅ Successfully calculated joint angles ($1.77^{\circ}, 113.18^{\circ}$) for coordinate $(19.0, 7.76)$.
* **Tech**: Soft acceleration/deceleration control using **Sine Interpolation**. [cite: 2026-02-23]


### 📐 Mathematical Foundation
The joint angles are calculated using the Law of Cosines:
$$\cos \theta_2 = \frac{x^2 + y^2 - L_1^2 - L_2^2}{2 L_1 L_2}$$
$$\theta_1 = \operatorname{atan2}(y, x) - \operatorname{atan2}(L_2 \sin \theta_2, L_1 + L_2 \cos \theta_2)$$

![Alt text](doc/armresult.png)



### 🎨 [Industrial Painting Solution]
- **Goal:** 균일한 도막 형성을 위한 로봇 궤적 수학 모델링
- **Status:** 역기구학(Inverse Kinematics) 기반 직선 운동 알고리즘 설계 중

---

## 📫 Connect with Me
- **GitHub Repository:** [esp32-robot](https://github.com/cb2024ok/esp32-robot)
- **Philosophy:** Stability over Speed. Humanity over Monopoly.
- **Contact:** ar88plus@gmail.com


---
> "기술은 소외된 이들을 돕기 위한 도구여야 합니다." - Lee Chang-bae

</details>
